Write CONTRIBUTING guide (#10)
ocelotgraphql/graphql-swift: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Generate Xcode Project 🏗

Because **GraphQL Swift** is a [Swift PM](https://github.com/apple/swift-package-manager) library, we decided to put the `.xcodeproj` on the `.gitignore`, because maybe not every contributor prefers to use Xcode for writing their Swift code. However, if you do want to work in Xcode, you have to generate a project by running this one-liner in the root directory:

``` sh
swift package generate-xcodeproj --enable-code-coverage
```

> This also enables code coverage reporting for the unit tests.

### Linting 💅

**GraphQL Swift** uses [SwiftLint](https://github.com/realm/SwiftLint) to ensure a consistent code style 🎨. Please install it on your machine and run it before making commits.
Our continuous integration will also run linting and tell you if something's wrong after you submitted a pull request.

``` bash
brew install swiftlint
```

## Testing

### Running tests

We use `XCTest` to write unit tests for the project which you can run in Xcode by pressing `cmd + u` or by simply executing `swift test` inside the root directory.

### Writing tests

You should add tests when adding functionality to existing features or when adding new ones.

## Questions

> If you have any questions feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/slashmo/ocelot/issues/new) where we can discuss further steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions feel free to [open an issue](https://github.com/ocelotgraphql/graphql-swift/issues/new) where we can discuss further steps.
```
